A fire is lit under Uzaki as she realizes
Sakurai's graduation approaches,
but she responds with
a middle-school bento strategy.
Meanwhile, her younger sister
Yanagi stops by Uzaki's part-time job,
and, while talking with Sakurai,
has him using her first name--
which Uzaki had tried over many months
to have him do with her, to no avail.
It took mere minutes for her
little sister to leave her in the dust!
"Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!"
"Asia Café"
"Episode 8: Yanagi and
Kiri Want to Have Fun, Too!"
Why are you like that?!
Will you calm down?
"Closed"
What do you mean, calm down?
Is this my fault?
That's not what I meant...
What's not what you meant?!
Calm down and let's talk.
How can I be calm about this?
Oh, I get it now.
They're not on a first-name basis yet.
It's so young and innocent of them.
It really is.
What about when they're alone together?
Not even then, I don't think.
If they did,
that would never have happened.
I heard he wasn't her boyfriend...
That's one of the more
lovable things about those two.
Hey, where'd you come from?
When I heard Hana's sister was here,
I couldn't help but run right over.
Ami Asai.
I'm Sakurai and Hana's coworker
and in my fourth year at their college.
Nice to meet you!
I see... It's a pleasure.
You're Hana's sister, all right. So cute!
Oh, no, no...
It's too unnatural for her to be here
right on time for such
an amusing development.
Why--no, how did Ami pick up on this?
Don't tell me...
Eh? Okay, then... Yanagi-chan.
See?! I knew this was going to happen!
The café owner fought hard
to get past the misgivings he had
about his own daughter.
Still, for all that...
This has gotten interesting, all right!
C'mon, Uzaki, shake that mood.
Hmph!
Hana...
Forget it. This is your punishment:
The forgetful Shinichi and I
will call each other by
our first names all day today.
Aw, that's so embarrassing! Can we not?
What's embarrassing
about a person's name?!
I happen to like mine!
I'm sorry!
It's not about your name... Hana.
It's just, you know...
being on a first-name basis...
It's like we're really close friends.
What exactly are you trying to say?!
Oh, I, uh...
Shinichi! Think before
you speak, Shinichi!
You are hopeless, Shinichi!
Do you realize that, Shinichi?
Isn't this partly because
she wants to say "Shinichi"?
Right. I'm sorry. We are close.
I apologize. Sorry.
You do all kinds of stuff for me... Hana,
and we've hung out together a lot.
Though I do lose my temper occasionally...
I was wrong.
I fully acknowledge that much.
We're close friends.
So can you call me by
my first name from now on?
I don't know.
Oh, is that so?! I see how it is!
You don't even understand this yourself!
Let's make this perfectly clear:
Tell me, here and now, why mine
is the only name you won't use!
What?!
Are you just coasting on
the length of our relationship?
I'm about to lose my temper with
the rotten way you're treating me!
It's nothing like that!
It is too!
Out of what few friendships
you have, ours is the closest!
And yet...
Ami.
Itsuhito.
Ms. Tsuki.
Yanagi-chan.
Kitties!
Uzaki.
That's not what I look like!
Look here, Shinichi.
We've known each other for
five years, starting in high school.
Do you understand that much?
Y-Yeah, that's true.
But not even ten minutes
after you meet my sister...
I'm sorry--I apologize--
I screwed up--forgive me!
Only I get the last-name treatment...
Am I the only one
who thought we were close?
Do you not consider me
your friend, Shinichi?
That's a real blow to my self-confidence.
A-All right.
Let me really think it through.
Just hang tight for a sec.
Let's see...
I guess it's Ami who's gotten me
to call people
by their first names lately.
Yours is the only one
still giving me a hard time.
Which means, well...
It might be because you're special.
What did I just say?
H-Hey.
Y-You said that I was...
...special.
--I did?
--You did.
Me?
You.
To you?
To me.
Why?
Don't ask me! You're the one who said it.
W-Well, if you're saying I'm... special...
No--
We'll just leave it at that, then!
"Confidence Restored"
Confidence: restored!
W-W-Wait, Uzaki! Forget I said that!
Nope! Already heard it.
And what are we doing today?
Hana...
What is it, Shinichi?
She loves him--enough
to make us self-conscious.
She loves him.
She loves him!
But yeah, Hana's a late bloomer--
that goofball would be tough to win over.
Oh, well. I might just
lend her a hand soon enough.
I'm home!
Welcome back!
Boy, is it cold out there.
Well, hello to you, too!
Lucky you, staying someplace warm.
Oh, right! Guess what, Mom?
I finally met Hana's senpai!
So you did go to the café.
Just don't bother them too much at work.
I think it's okay. They happened
to be closed today, anyway.
Oh, were they?
The owner and his daughter were
watching those two and eating rice.
Rice...? Why?
Dunno.
Her senpai has scary eyes,
but he's easy to talk to.
He likes games; I wonder
if he'd play a round with me?
We'll just leave it at that, then!
Mom, did you know?
Hana really loves this senpai of hers.
Yes, uh-huh.
Sakurai seems to have
taken a liking to Yanagi...
He hasn't said that
kind of thing to her, right?
It's probably asking too much,
but one day I want to try
both together, one in each arm,
instead of one at a time.
I wish pairing up with Hana
had put an end to all that...
Tsuki assumes that Sakurai and Uzaki
are already in a special relationship.
But even if things have
settled down with Sakurai,
he could still turn his
bottomless passion toward Yanagi!
No! If that happens to my girls...
Maybe I'll go see
that senpai again sometime!
Ya-Yanagi, you can't!
Huh?
You're still in middle school!
And going alone?
The next time you're headed over there,
go with me, at the very least!
What?
Understood?
Y-Yeah... understood.
It goes without saying for
Yanagi the middle-schooler,
but even fully-grown
Hana is still a child!
And I, their mother, must guide them!
That's fine and all, but middle-schoolers
do go to cafés nowadays.
Does Mom want to go, too?
Well! Sure is lively in here.
Got some fun going on?
Bring Dad into the loop!
Say, Yanagi, it's not often
you go out on a Sunday.
Where'd you go? Where'd you go?
Nah, it's okay. It doesn't
have anything to do with you.
Huh? Why?
Now I feel all lonely...
If I tell Dad, it'll only start up
the noise and fuss again.
Oops. Were you studying?
We got a little loud, huh. Sorry, Kiri.
Kiri's ticked.
It's finals. He's all stressed out.
He's not great at studying.
I've got exams, too, as it happens.
Well, I'm not worried
about you for a second.
You're an ace student!
I heard that. I heard everything!
I crave physical activity!
Yeah--no club stuff during exams.
But your studies are important.
You worked hard
to test into that high school--
now work hard to keep your grades up.
You can do all the club activities
you want once finals are over.
I know... but even then...
Oh, right: Winter's all about building
stamina--running, working out.
Even if you start back up
after exams, it's not much fun.
Yeah, exactly!
That's a whole other issue,
though, isn't it?
I guess, yeah...
I hate studying.
I can't help stressing out.
And I'm supposed to take exams like this?
Dad?
Can I ask you a favor? Don't tell Mom.
Kiri...
Your father would love that!
Right after his daughter's curt
brush-off got him feeling lonely,
he was thrilled to have his
rebellious-phase son ask him a favor.
Yes! Finally, some exercise!
I've got all this excess energy.
As if I can just study all the time...
Dad gave me a free pass for this place.
It sure is clean!
Jeez, should I join for real?
Kiri Uzaki, 17. High-school junior.
Member of the swim club,
where his times are just above average.
His athletic ability is so-so.
Dad said there were lots of seniors here;
yep: nothin' but grannies and grandpas.
Nice! With no other young people
around, I'm literally peerless!
Also? Small fry!
Time to really get all
that exam-studying anger out!
Okay. So that's about where everyone is.
Whereas I...
...will go with this.
Youngsters sure are different!
You're really going that heavy?
I usually go even heavier, but I'm a
little rusty with clubs out of session.
Gotta ease in.
Wow! And you usually lift more than that?
Impressive!
Oh, it's nothing, really.
I'll try that next.
Maintain proper form at the bench press
and set the safety bars correctly.
Ooh, can you really lift that much?
Well, I'm rusty. I figured I'd start here.
Young people are amazing!
Really, it's noth--
You do find the occasional
super-buff old guy...
I'll make sure not to work out near him.
Wow, that's fast.
Nah--I'm rusty.
I'll kick up the speed
a little once I'm used to it.
Really? Faster than that?
You're something else!
It's n--
Hey, Sakurai!
I'd like to use the pool.
It's open to club members, right?
Of course! Use it as long as you like.
You said you were experienced--go ahead
and use the advanced lane.
The advanced lane?
"End"
"Slope, Walking, Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced"
The lane on the far right as you enter--
generally meant for folks who can swim.
Rules may vary from gym to gym,
so check first.
The lane's all set up and labeled,
but no one uses it. Such a waste!
We get lots of older folks with weak legs.
Aha.
Since you'll be in there alone,
you can really put some oomph into it.
So don't worry--enjoy yourself.
Got it.
Thank you.
From that look on his face, I'd say
Sakurai's got something on his mind again.
Ah, youth...
Girl trouble again, I bet.
Fujio still had no idea that
the "girl" was his own daughter.
Dammit. What's the deal
with those old-timers?
Whatever. The real workout starts now.
An indoor pool!
I'm sure it'd love to be used by
an actual athlete instead of old people.
I figured I had the
advanced lane to myself, but...
There's a big dude here.
Ah, if he comes to a gym
full of nothing but old farts,
he can't be that great.
I thought there was someone
in the advanced lane for once.
So humans really can swim that fast!
Wow. Amazing!
It must feel great
to be able to swim like that!
It did not.
He's so fast! What the hell?!
We're getting further and further apart!
Dammit, Dad! You tricked me!
How can I blow off steam
with this guy around?
I don't know who he is,
but he's always out in front.
Now I'm pissed!
That does it! I'm gonna catch up, dammit!
Meanwhile, over by Sakurai...
Forget getting it out of my head.
It might be because you're special.
The more time passes,
the more it weighs on me!
It might be because you're special.
Why did I say that?!
I'll just have to swim hard enough
that I can't think of anything else!
Until I'm totally beat!
Exercise had become
Sakurai's escape from distress.
--Gotta drive it out!
--It might be because you're special.
--Forget. Forget. Forget!
--...because you're special.
Dammit! I'm staying on him,
even if it's pure stubbornness!
I will catch up, I will...
When did he wind up behind me?!
What's with him?
What's with him? What's with him?
What's with this guy?!
I wound up getting passed. Twice.
And I was swimming at such a crazy pace...
Dammit. I'm dead on my feet.
That guy never rests.
I'm utterly defeate--
No! I just got out of
shape studying for exams!
I wasn't at the top of
my game, that's why!
Yeah! I was in a slump!
It's just like small fry to pile on excuse
after excuse at a time like this.
I'm at my worst--mentally and physically!
Since it wasn't club or a tournament,
I couldn't get my head in
the game and give it my all!
Totally. If I were in peak condition,
I'd be winning on all counts!
It's him!
What's wrong with Kiri?
Who knows? He's been doing
that ever since he came home.
Maybe we should make one
of his favorite dishes tonight.
I'm home! Tsuki's... not around, is she?
Mom? She's in the bath.
Great!
Well, Kiri? How'd you
like your dad's workplace?
Let me know if you ever want to join up!
What's wrong? Something happen?
We've got plenty of gear, right?
Lots of room to swim in the advanced lane?
What is it?
A sense of absolute failure
was etched ever so deeply
into the young man's very soul.
"Next Time"
"Episode 9:
Fujio Uzaki Wants Family Time!"